docs: update Contribution guidelines with a section about Slow/Unstable tests (#9300)
deepset-ai/haystack: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Might not be possible to run locally due to system and hardware requirements
- **Goal: being confident in releasing Haystack**

### Slow/unstable Integration Tests (for maintainers)

To keep the CI stable and reasonably fast, we run certain tests in a separate workflow.

> We use `@pytest.mark.slow` for tests that that clearly meet one or more of the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `@pytest.mark.slow` for tests that clearly meet one or more of the following conditions:
```

> - Unstable (e.g. call unstable external services)
> - Slow (e.g. model inference on CPU)
> - Require special setup (e.g. installing system dependencies, running Docker containers).

Reviewer: Either this, or "for example, .."

```suggestion
- Unstable (such as call unstable external services)
- Slow (such as model inference on CPU)
- Require special setup (such as installing system dependencies, running Docker containers).
```

⚠️ The main goal of this separation is to keep the regular integration tests fast and **stable**.

We should try to avoid including too many modules in the Slow Integration Tests workflow: doing so may reduce its effectiveness.

#### How does it work?

These tests are executed by the [Slow Integration Tests workflow](.github/workflows/slow.yml).

The workflow always runs, but the tests only execute when:

- There are changes to relevant files (as listed in the [workflow file](.github/workflows/slow.yml)).
  **Important**: If you mark a test but do not include both the test file and the file to be tested in the list, the test won't run automatically.
- The workflow is scheduled (runs nightly).

> - The workflow is triggered manually (via the "Run workflow" button on [this page](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/actions/workflows/slow.yml)).

Reviewer 2: Do we mean the workflow "can be" triggered manually?

> - The workflow is triggered manually (via the "Run workflow" button on [this page](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/actions/workflows/slow.yml)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The workflow is triggered manually (with the "Run workflow" button on [this page](https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack/actions/workflows/slow.yml)).
```

- The PR has the "run-slow-tests" label (you can use this label to trigger the tests even if no relevant files are changed).
- The push is to a release branch.

> If none of the above conditions are met, the workflow completes successfully without running tests, to satisfy Branch Protection rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If none of the above conditions are met, the workflow completes successfully without running tests to satisfy Branch Protection rules.
```
